forward.md, before:



# Forward
A leadership simulation where teams of four work together and use their role-specific skills to get their team to the summit of a challenging mountain. Students will need to communicate with each other as they assess the ever-changing situation, make role-specific decisions, determine how their decisions affect the team, and decide how their team will travel in order to reach the summit safely and on-time.

## Concept
Professor Trevor Cox came up with Forward for his Foundations of Organizational Leadership course. His goal was to take a role playing assignment generally done in person and turn it into an interactive leadership simulating video game.

## **How it Works**

### Teams of four select their roles
Each team member must select a different role, and can choose from medic, meteorologist, navigator, and thrill seeker.

### Players make decisions
Each player makes one role-specific decision each round, making sure to communicate with their teammates to make the best decision possible.

### Leader decides how to travel
The leader sees the decisions each team member has made, communicates with the team to discuss what to do, and then submits their choice to determine if their team climbs up the mountain, stays at the current camp, or travels back down the mountain.

### Players assess their situation
Once a new turn begins, all players will be taken to the progress report where they can see the result of their most recent choice, the location of each team member, and other basic information.

### Learn, adapt, and climb
When the next turn begins the cycle starts again as players attempt to work together to get as many team members to reach the top of the mountain as they can.

## Documentation
**[Instructions PDF](https://bit.ly/3uajJQY)**
**[Video Instructions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPqKYJ3dUsA)**

### Process Map for Developers

### 

### 

### 

### 

### Process Map for Instructors

### Process Map for Students

(WARN_UNRECOGNIZED_ELEMENT: PAGE_BREAK)

#

Commit message:

Updated Photos in Forward How to Section

forward.md, after:

![Forward Image](file:///C:/Users/smelher/Downloads/Forward-Header%20(2).svg)

# Forward
A leadership simulation where teams of four work together and use their role-specific skills to get their team to the summit of a challenging mountain. Students will need to communicate with each other as they assess the ever-changing situation, make role-specific decisions, determine how their decisions affect the team, and decide how their team will travel in order to reach the summit safely and on-time.

## Concept
Professor Trevor Cox came up with Forward for his Foundations of Organizational Leadership course. His goal was to take a role playing assignment generally done in person and turn it into an interactive leadership simulating video game.

## **How it Works**

![Image for Roles FWD](C:\Users\smelher\Documents\ExperientialLearningCookbook\Assets\DigitalPoster\Forward-Screenshot-1.PNG)

### Teams of four select their roles
Each team member must select a different role, and can choose from medic, meteorologist, navigator, and thrill seeker.

![Image for FWD](C:\Users\smelher\Documents\ExperientialLearningCookbook\Assets\DigitalPoster\Forward-Screenshot-2.PNG)

### Players make decisions
Each player makes one role-specific decision each round, making sure to communicate with their teammates to make the best decision possible.

### Leader decides how to travel
The leader sees the decisions each team member has made, communicates with the team to discuss what to do, and then submits their choice to determine if their team climbs up the mountain, stays at the current camp, or travels back down the mountain.

### Players assess their situation
Once a new turn begins, all players will be taken to the progress report where they can see the result of their most recent choice, the location of each team member, and other basic information.

### Learn, adapt, and climb
When the next turn begins the cycle starts again as players attempt to work together to get as many team members to reach the top of the mountain as they can.

## Documentation
**[Instructions PDF](https://bit.ly/3uajJQY)**
**[Video Instructions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPqKYJ3dUsA)**

### Process Map for Developers

### 

### 

### 

### 

### Process Map for Instructors

### Process Map for Students

(WARN_UNRECOGNIZED_ELEMENT: PAGE_BREAK)

#
