speech.md, before:

<img style="align:center; margin-bottom:20px;" src="Assets\ImagesForTools\PersuasiveSpeech-Header.png">

# Persuasive Speech

This tool allows the students to upload a speech and get measurable feedback from their peers. The audience members will use a voting feature embedded into the video player to let the instructor and student speakers know how persuasive they were.

## Concept

Core Curriculum Coordinator Jennifer Foster came up with Persuasive Speech for her course, Fundamentals of Speech. The goal was to recreate the in person experience of giving a speech and receiving tangible feedback in a virtual environment.

## How It Works

<img style="float: right; margin-left:20px; margin-bottom:20px;" width="400" src="Assets\ImagesForTools\PersuasiveSpeech-Screenshot-2.png">

**Record and Upload a Speech**

Students record themselves giving their speech. They then upload their video to YouTube to host the video. Next they enter their YouTube link into the Persuasive Speech tool, which will create a presenter page and an audience page.

**View Other Students' Audience Pages**

Students visit their peers’ audience page which starts by telling them a topic and asking them to rate their initial opinion on the topic. The student watches the speech and then sees the same scale to give their final opinion on the topic.

<img style="float: right; margin-left:20px; margin-bottom:20px;" width="400" src="Assets\ImagesForTools\PersuasiveSpeech-Screenshot-1.png">

**View Your Presenter Page**

Students then visit their own presenter page to see tangible data on how persuasive their peers found their speech. Data is created by comparing initial opinions and final opinions.

## Documentation

<a href="https://cece.uco.edu/idea/Persuasivespeech/instructions/Persuasive%20Speech%20Instructions.pdf" target="_blank"><b>Instructions PDF</b></a>

**Video Instructions**

* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnMKVlQoLEQ&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Create a Presentation</b></a>
* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZBq4oX5ccw&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Speech Set Up</b></a>
* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSrfVEPtjEs&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Visit Classmates Videos</b></a>
* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMyM17cLEA4&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Monitor Responses</b></a>

Commit message:

Added link  to persuasive speech page

speech.md, after:

<img style="align:center; margin-bottom:20px;" src="Assets\ImagesForTools\PersuasiveSpeech-Header.png">

# Persuasive Speech

This tool allows the students to upload a speech and get measurable feedback from their peers. The audience members will use a voting feature embedded into the video player to let the instructor and student speakers know how persuasive they were.

## Concept

Core Curriculum Coordinator Jennifer Foster came up with Persuasive Speech for her course, Fundamentals of Speech. The goal was to recreate the in person experience of giving a speech and receiving tangible feedback in a virtual environment.

## How It Works

<img style="float: right; margin-left:20px; margin-bottom:20px;" width="400" src="Assets\ImagesForTools\PersuasiveSpeech-Screenshot-2.png">

**Record and Upload a Speech**

Students record themselves giving their speech. They then upload their video to YouTube to host the video. Next they enter their YouTube link into the Persuasive Speech tool, which will create a presenter page and an audience page.

**View Other Students' Audience Pages**

Students visit their peers’ audience page which starts by telling them a topic and asking them to rate their initial opinion on the topic. The student watches the speech and then sees the same scale to give their final opinion on the topic.

<img style="float: right; margin-left:20px; margin-bottom:20px;" width="400" src="Assets\ImagesForTools\PersuasiveSpeech-Screenshot-1.png">

**View Your Presenter Page**

Students then visit their own presenter page to see tangible data on how persuasive their peers found their speech. Data is created by comparing initial opinions and final opinions.


## Run Your Own Version
Click this link to the [repository](https://github.com/UCO-IDEA/PersuasiveSpeech) If you would like to  donload and run this on your own servers.
## Documentation

<a href="https://cece.uco.edu/idea/Persuasivespeech/instructions/Persuasive%20Speech%20Instructions.pdf" target="_blank"><b>Instructions PDF</b></a>

**Video Instructions**

* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnMKVlQoLEQ&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Create a Presentation</b></a>
* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZBq4oX5ccw&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Speech Set Up</b></a>
* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DSrfVEPtjEs&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Visit Classmates Videos</b></a>
* <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xMyM17cLEA4&feature=youtu.be" target="_blank"><b>Monitor Responses</b></a>
